c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.exe.config
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-audio-2.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-graphics-2.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-system-2.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-window-2.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\libsndfile-1.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\openal32.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.exe
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.pdb
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\obj\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.exe
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\obj\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.pdb
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\obj\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\bin\Debug\wall.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\altars\dngn_altar_zin.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\crumbled_column.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blood_fountain.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blood_fountain2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blue_fountain.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blue_fountain2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_closed_door.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_detected_secret_door.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_dry_fountain.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_granite_statue.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_open_door.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_orcish_idol.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_sparkling_fountain.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_sparkling_fountain2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_alarm.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_arrow.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_axe.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_blade.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_bolt.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_dart.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_needle.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_net.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_shaft.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_spear.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_teleport.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_zot.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_unseen.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\elephant_statue.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood10.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood11.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood12.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_e.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_full.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_n.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_ne.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_nw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_s.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_se.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_sw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_w.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0-dirt-mix1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0-dirt-mix2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0-dirt-mix3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_e.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_blue1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_blue2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_blue3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_red1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_red2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_red3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_yellow1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_yellow2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_yellow3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_full.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_n.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_ne.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_nw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_s.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_se.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_sw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_w.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_e.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_full.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_n.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_ne.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_nw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_s.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_se.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_sw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_w.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tutorial_pad.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_abyss.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_cocytus.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_dis.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_gehenna.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_hell.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_labyrinth.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_pandemonium.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_tartarus.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_zot_closed.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_zot_open.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_entrance.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_exit_abyss.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_exit_abyss_flickering.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_portal.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_portal_rotated.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_return.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_return_hell.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_return_zot.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_stone_arch.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_transit_pandemonium.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\escape_hatch_down.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\escape_hatch_up.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\fleshy_orifice_closed.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\fleshy_orifice_open.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\sewer_portal_rusted.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\stone_stairs_down.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\stone_stairs_up.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_closed_left.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_closed_middle.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_closed_right.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_open_left.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_open_middle.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_open_right.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\granite_stump.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\dngn_abandoned_shop.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\dngn_enter_shop.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_armour.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_books.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_food.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_general.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_jewellery.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_potions.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_scrolls.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_wands.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_weapon.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\grate.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\machine_tukima.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\the_teleporter_ice_cave.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\the_teleporter_vaults.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\banners\banner1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall00.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall01.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall02.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall03.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall04.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall05.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall06.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall07.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall08.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall09.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall10.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall11.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall12.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall13.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_green_crystal_wall.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_metal_wall.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_metal_wall_brown.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_metal_wall_cracked.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_mirrored_wall.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_transparent_wall.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_wax_wall.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall10.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall11.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall12.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_e.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_n.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_ne.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_nw.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_w.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick10.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick11.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick12.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree1_lightred.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree1_red.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree1_yellow.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree2_lightred.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree2_red.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree2_yellow.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_NE.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_NW.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_SE.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_SW.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_E.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_N.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_S.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_W.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water_murky.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water_murky2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_open_sea.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_open_sea2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_bl.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_br.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_btm.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_lft.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_rgt.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_tl.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_top.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_tr.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_disturbance.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_disturbance2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky_disturbance.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky_disturbance2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water1_shape.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water2_bubbles.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water2_shape.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water3_bubbles.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water4_bubbles.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water_disturbance1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water_disturbance2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water_disturbance3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bb.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bcl.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bcr.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bl.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_br.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_full.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_NE.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_NW.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_SE.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_SW.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_E.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_N.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_S.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_W.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_NE.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_NW.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_SE.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_SW.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_E.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_N.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_S.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_W.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\zot_pillar.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt01.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt02.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt03.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt04.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt05.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt06.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt07.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt08.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_black_smoke.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_blue_smoke.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_cold0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_cold1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_cold2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_fire0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_fire1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_fire2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_gloom.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_grey_smoke.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_miasma.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_medium1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_medium2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_small1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_small2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_poison0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_poison1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_poison2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_rain1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_rain2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_tloc_energy.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\net_trap.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\rock0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\sanctuary.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\silenced.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\sling_bullet0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\stone0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_item.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_memorise.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_monster.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_spell.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_mouseover.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_selected.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_unselected.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\animated_weapon.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_green.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\cursor.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\cursor_green.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\cursor_red.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\error.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\flame.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\good_neutral.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\halo.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\heart.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\magicmap.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_deep_water.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_deep_water_murky.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_deep_water_shoals.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_lava.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_shallow_water.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_shallow_water_murky.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_shallow_water_shoals.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\may_stab_brand.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_almost_dead.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_heavily_damaged.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_lightly_damaged.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_moderately_damaged.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_severely_damaged.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\neutral.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\new_stair.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num0.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num1.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num2.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num3.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num4.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num5.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num6.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num7.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num8.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num9.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\out_of_range.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\out_of_sight.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\poison.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\ray.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\ray_out_of_range.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot_cursed.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot_eq.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot_eq_cursed.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\something_under.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\stab_brand.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\todo.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\travel_exclusion.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\travel_exclusion_centre.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\tried.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\tutorial_cursor.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_armour.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_item.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_monster.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_weapon.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_brown_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_brown_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkbrown_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkbrown_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkgrey_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkgrey_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightbrown_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightbrown_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightgrey_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightgrey_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_dwarf_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_dwarf_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_elf_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_elf_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demigod_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demigod_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_black_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_black_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_pink.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_red_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_red_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_black_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_black_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gold_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gold_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gray_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gray_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_green_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_green_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_mottled_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_mottled_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_pale_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_pale_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_purple_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_purple_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_red_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_red_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_white_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_white_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\dwarf_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\dwarf_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\elf_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\elf_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\ghoul.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\gnome_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\gnome_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\halfling_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\halfling_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\human_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\human_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_winged_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_winged_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_wingless_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_wingless_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kobold_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kobold_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_water_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_water_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_brown1_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_brown2_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\mummy_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\mummy_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_darkgreen_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_darkgreen_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_lightgreen_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_lightgreen_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\ogre_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\ogre_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\orc_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\orc_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\shadow.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\spriggan_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\spriggan_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\troll_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\troll_m.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\vampire_f.png
c:\users\kyle.motherwell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\vampire_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\obj\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\obj\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.exe
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\obj\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.pdb
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\bin\Debug\wall.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\altars\dngn_altar_zin.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\crumbled_column.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blood_fountain.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blood_fountain2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blue_fountain.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_blue_fountain2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_closed_door.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_detected_secret_door.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_dry_fountain.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_granite_statue.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_open_door.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_orcish_idol.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_sparkling_fountain.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_sparkling_fountain2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_alarm.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_arrow.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_axe.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_blade.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_bolt.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_dart.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_needle.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_net.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_shaft.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_spear.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_teleport.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_trap_zot.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\dngn_unseen.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\elephant_statue.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\bog_green3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood10.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood11.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood12.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\cobble_blood9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\crystal_floor5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_e.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_full.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_n.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_ne.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_nw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_s.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_se.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_sw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\dirt_w.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_nerves6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_sand_stone7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\floor_vines6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0-dirt-mix1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0-dirt-mix2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0-dirt-mix3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_e.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_blue1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_blue2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_blue3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_red1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_red2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_red3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_yellow1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_yellow2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_flowers_yellow3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_full.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_n.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_ne.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_nw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_s.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_se.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_sw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grass\grass_w.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\grey_dirt7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\hive3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\ice3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lair3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\lava3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\marble_floor6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\mesh3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pebble_brown8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_e.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_full.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_n.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_ne.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_nw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_s.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_se.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_sw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\pedestal_w.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rect_gray3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\rough_red3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\sandstone_floor9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\snake3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\swamp3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tomb3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\tutorial_pad.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\floor\volcanic_floor6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_abyss.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_cocytus.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_dis.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_gehenna.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_hell.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_labyrinth.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_pandemonium.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_tartarus.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_zot_closed.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_enter_zot_open.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_entrance.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_exit_abyss.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_exit_abyss_flickering.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_portal.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_portal_rotated.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_return.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_return_hell.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_return_zot.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_stone_arch.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\dngn_transit_pandemonium.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\escape_hatch_down.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\escape_hatch_up.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\fleshy_orifice_closed.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\fleshy_orifice_open.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\sewer_portal_rusted.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\stone_stairs_down.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gateways\stone_stairs_up.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_closed_left.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_closed_middle.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_closed_right.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_open_left.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_open_middle.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\gate_open_right.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\granite_stump.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\dngn_abandoned_shop.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\dngn_enter_shop.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_armour.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_books.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_food.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_general.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_jewellery.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_potions.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_scrolls.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_wands.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\shops\shop_weapon.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\grate.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\machine_tukima.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\the_teleporter_ice_cave.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\vaults\the_teleporter_vaults.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\banners\banner1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\beehives9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown-vines4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_brown7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_dark6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\brick_gray3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall00.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall01.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall02.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall03.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall04.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall05.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall06.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall07.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall08.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall09.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall10.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall11.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall12.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\crystal_wall13.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_green_crystal_wall.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_metal_wall.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_metal_wall_brown.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_metal_wall_cracked.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_mirrored_wall.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_transparent_wall.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\dngn_wax_wall.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\hive3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\lair3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall10.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall11.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall12.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\marble_wall9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\pebble_red3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\relief3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\sandstone_wall9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_e.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_n.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_ne.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_nw.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\shadow_w.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\slime3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_brown3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_dark3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone2_gray3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_black_marked8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick10.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick11.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick12.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_brick9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_dark3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\stone_gray3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tomb3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\torches\torch4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree1_lightred.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree1_red.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree1_yellow.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree2_lightred.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree2_red.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\tree2_yellow.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\undead3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\vault3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\volcanic_wall6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_flesh6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_vines6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\wall_yellow_rock3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\wall\zot_blue3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_NE.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_NW.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_SE.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_corner_SW.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_E.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_N.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_S.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\deep_water_wave_W.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water_murky.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_deep_water_murky2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_open_sea.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_open_sea2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_bl.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_br.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_btm.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_lft.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_rgt.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_tl.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_top.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_bord_tr.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_disturbance.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_disturbance2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky_disturbance.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shallow_water_murky_disturbance2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water1_shape.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water2_bubbles.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water2_shape.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water3_bubbles.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_deep_water4_bubbles.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water_disturbance1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water_disturbance2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\dngn_shoals_shallow_water_disturbance3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bb.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bcl.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bcr.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_bl.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\grey_dirt_br.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_full.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_NE.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_NW.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_SE.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_corner_SW.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_E.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_N.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_S.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\ink_wave_W.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_NE.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_NW.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_SE.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_corner_SW.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_E.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_N.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_S.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\water\shallow_water_wave_W.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Dungeon\zot_pillar.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\arrow7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt01.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt02.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt03.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt04.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt05.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt06.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt07.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt08.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\bolt7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_black_smoke.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_blue_smoke.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_cold0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_cold1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_cold2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_fire0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_fire1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_fire2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_gloom.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_grey_smoke.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_magic_trail3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_miasma.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_large4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_medium1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_medium2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_small1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_mutagenic_small2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_poison0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_poison1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_poison2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_rain1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_rain2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\cloud_tloc_energy.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\dart7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\javelin7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\needle7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\net_trap.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\rock0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\sanctuary.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\silenced.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\sling_bullet0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\stone0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Effect\throwing_net7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_item.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_memorise.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_monster.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_label_spell.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_mouseover.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_selected.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_GUI\tab_unselected.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\animated_weapon.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_green.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\blood_red4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\cursor.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\cursor_green.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\cursor_red.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_num5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\demon_pentagram5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\error.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\flame.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\good_neutral.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\halo.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\heart.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\magicmap.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_deep_water.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_deep_water_murky.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_deep_water_shoals.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_lava.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_shallow_water.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_shallow_water_murky.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mask_shallow_water_shoals.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\may_stab_brand.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_almost_dead.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_heavily_damaged.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_lightly_damaged.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_moderately_damaged.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\mdam_severely_damaged.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\neutral.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\new_stair.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num0.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num1.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num2.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num3.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num4.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num5.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num6.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num7.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num8.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\num9.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\out_of_range.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\out_of_sight.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\poison.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\ray.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\ray_out_of_range.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot_cursed.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot_eq.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\slot_eq_cursed.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\something_under.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\stab_brand.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\todo.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\travel_exclusion.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\travel_exclusion_centre.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\tried.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\tutorial_cursor.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_armour.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_item.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_monster.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Misc\unseen_weapon.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_brown_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_brown_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkbrown_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkbrown_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkgrey_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_darkgrey_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightbrown_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightbrown_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightgrey_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\centaur_lightgrey_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_dwarf_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_dwarf_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_elf_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\deep_elf_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demigod_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demigod_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_black_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_black_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_pink.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_red_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\demonspawn_red_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_black_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_black_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gold_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gold_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gray_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_gray_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_green_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_green_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_mottled_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_mottled_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_pale_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_pale_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_purple_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_purple_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_red_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_red_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_white_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\draconian_white_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\dwarf_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\dwarf_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\elf_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\elf_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\ghoul.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\gnome_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\gnome_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\halfling_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\halfling_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\human_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\human_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_winged_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_winged_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_wingless_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kenku_wingless_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kobold_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\kobold_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_water_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\merfolk_water_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_brown1_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_brown2_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\minotaur_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\mummy_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\mummy_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_darkgreen_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_darkgreen_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_lightgreen_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_lightgreen_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\naga_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\ogre_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\ogre_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\orc_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\orc_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\shadow.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\spriggan_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\spriggan_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\troll_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\troll_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\vampire_f.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Textures\Tx_Player\base\vampire_m.png
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-audio-2.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-graphics-2.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-system-2.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-window-2.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\libsndfile-1.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\openal32.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\OpenTK.dll
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.exe.config
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.exe
C:\Users\Keeko\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CavernCrawler\CavernCrawler\bin\x64\Debug\CavernCrawler.pdb
